Question1:
1. This query is to find all the details of the customers who come from the city
“Mumbai”.

Question2:
2. This query is to find the age of the customers by subtracting their DOB from
the current date.

Question3:
3. This query is to find the average payment from all the customers.

Question4:
4. This query is to find the sum of payments of all the customers.

Question5:
5. This query is to find the details of the employees who have salaries equal or
over 200000 ordered from highest to lowest salary

Question6:
6. This query is to find the names of customers and their respective payments,
ordered from highest to lowest. This is done by joining the customer and
payment table.

Question7:
7. This query is to find the customer id, which room they booked, along with the
prices. This is done by joining the reservation and rooms table.

Question8:
8. This query is to find the employee name, their department, designation and
salary ( from highest to lowest). Group By is used to group the employees with
the same designation. Department and employee tables are joined.

Question9:
9. This query is to find the name and phone no. of the customers, and which
facilities they are using (facility id). Customer and cust_uses_facilities tables are
joined.

Question10:
10. This query is to find the type of the customer, whether he/she is a new,
familiar or a regular customer by checking their payment no. (1st payment, 2nd
payment etc) . This is done by using a case statement and joining the customer
and payment tables.

Question11:
11. This query is to find which customers are to be given the “New Year’s Offer”
and which to be not, based on whether they booked their reservation between 1st
January to 31st January or not. This is done using a case statement and joining
the customer and reservation tables.

Question12:
12. This query is to find the name of the customer, which facility he/she is using
(facility name), along with its price(from highest to lowest). We used CONCAT to
get the full name of the customer. And this time, we join 3 tables (customer,
cust_uses_facilities and facilities).

Question13:
13. This query is to find the customers who have made payment more than the
average payment. The average payment is 21,500 (from query 3). We have used a
sub-query to get the output, along with joining the customer table and the
payment table.
